doc: update Tails and Whonix doc: auto detection (#14510)
zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi: WalletWasabi.Documentation/WasabiCompatibility.md

## What about Tails and Whonix?

Tails and Whonix are privacy-oriented OSs, so it makes sense to use them with Wasabi Wallet. At the moment, Wasabi is working properly on these platforms, but our dependencies do not officially support them, so we cannot make promises regarding future stability.

> Wasabi automatically detects if it is running on Tails or Whonix and will use the already running system-wide Tor instance, instead of starting it's own.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wasabi automatically detects if it is running on Tails or Whonix and will use the already running system-wide Tor instance, instead of starting its own.
```

> On Wasabi version [2.7.2](https://github.com/WalletWasabi/WalletWasabi/releases/tag/v2.7.2) and earlier, Wasabi should be started with the following start up parameter: `--UseTor=EnabledOnlyRunning`.

Reviewer: Should it be
```suggestion
On Wasabi version [2.7.2](https://github.com/WalletWasabi/WalletWasabi/releases/tag/v2.7.2) and earlier, Wasabi should be started with the following startup parameter: `--UseTor=EnabledOnlyRunning`.
```
?

Author: I don't mind applying your suggestion.
But, according to an LLM:

```
In this context, **startup** (one word) is correct.

Here, "startup" is used as a **noun adjunct** (a noun modifying another noun — "parameter"), so the one-word compound form is appropriate.

The general rule is:
- **startup** (one word) — used as a noun or adjective (*a startup company*, *startup parameter*)
- **start up** (two words) — used as a verb (*you need to start up the program*)

Your sentence uses it as a modifier for "parameter," so **startup** is the right choice. ✓
```

Author: You are right.
I had them flipped, I thought startup was the current one and you suggested start up.
my bad
